<p><b></b><b></b><b></b><b>1352. Product of the Last K Numbers</b><b></b></p><p>Solved</p><p>Medium</p><p>Topics</p><p>Companies</p><p>Hint</p><p>Design an algorithm that accepts a stream of integers and retrieves the product of the last k integers of the stream.</p><p>Implement the ProductOfNumbers class:</p><p>ProductOfNumbers() Initializes the object with an empty stream.</p><p>void add(int num) Appends the integer num to the stream.</p><p>int getProduct(int k) Returns the product of the last k numbers in the current list. You can assume that always the current list has at least k numbers.</p><p>The test cases are generated so that, at any time, the product of any contiguous sequence of numbers will fit into a single 32-bit integer without overflowing.</p><p> </p><p>Example:</p><p>Input</p><p>["ProductOfNumbers","add","add","add","add","add","getProduct","getProduct","getProduct","add","getProduct"]</p><p>[[],[3],[0],[2],[5],[4],[2],[3],[4],[8],[2]]</p><p></p><p>Output</p><p>[null,null,null,null,null,null,20,40,0,null,32]</p><p></p><p>Explanation</p><p>ProductOfNumbers productOfNumbers = new ProductOfNumbers();</p><p>productOfNumbers.add(3);        // [3]</p><p>productOfNumbers.add(0);        // [3,0]</p><p>productOfNumbers.add(2);        // [3,0,2]</p><p>productOfNumbers.add(5);        // [3,0,2,5]</p><p>productOfNumbers.add(4);        // [3,0,2,5,4]</p><p>productOfNumbers.getProduct(2); // return 20. The product of the last 2 numbers is 5 * 4 = 20</p><p>productOfNumbers.getProduct(3); // return 40. The product of the last 3 numbers is 2 * 5 * 4 = 40</p><p>productOfNumbers.getProduct(4); // return 0. The product of the last 4 numbers is 0 * 2 * 5 * 4 = 0</p><p>productOfNumbers.add(8);        // [3,0,2,5,4,8]</p><p>productOfNumbers.getProduct(2); // return 32. The product of the last 2 numbers is 4 * 8 = 32 </p><p> </p><p>Constraints:</p><p>0 <= num <= 100</p><p>1 <= k <= 4 * 104</p><p>At most 4 * 104 calls will be made to add and getProduct.</p><p>The product of the stream at any point in time will fit in a 32-bit integer.</p><p> </p><p>Follow-up: Can you implement both GetProduct and Add to work in O(1) time complexity instead of O(k) time complexity?</p><p></p>